website/docs: enterprise: fix link for customer portal (#15225)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/enterprise/manage-enterprise.mdx

Billing is based on each individual organization.

> 1. To manage your billing, go to the [Customer Portal](https://customers.goauthentik.io) and click "My organizations" in the top menu bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To manage your billing, go to the [Customer Portal](https://customers.goauthentik.io) and navigate to **Orgnizations > My organizations**.
```

Author: Also, the > shouldn't be "click the More in the box for your org"? As you wish
